up coming 


void [this is where we declare our current direction and means of progression aswell as mission]
  We want to restore the glory and appreciation that our species has formerly expressed itself towards the natural kingdoms. The major forms of these kingdoms that we constant observers of are the likes of fauna, flora and fungi which are specifically interested in within means of sciencitific exploration and exgavation. While this is not perhaps directly pioneering it is our method that we aim to conduct our research and restorations that may be of no other descent, yet certainly influenced by fellow change oriented projects.
  Building and progressing information and data in a scientific type is at its core what we are looking to do, this is conducted through active working in natural habitats of our focus of interest, not just collating preexisiting data though all points that bring forth data and information will be crucial towards building our 'Knowledge Stream'
  We seek backing and acceptance of our community through future visions and collaborative projection that is inclusive of people of all kinds such that anybody is able to assemble their truth of this subject, and while we want to serve towards the general public this should never curtail our making of data for scienctific interests and vice versa.
  The definition that we give the term OPEN SCIENCE is to foremost express inclusivity, meaning that we want to be able to have a platform where it is possible or at the highest importance that there is an ongoing communication stream between everybody effected and capable to affect. May you be a casual reader or student with a question or academic wanting to pose an authorative statement, this should be a place for you all and more of course.
  Aborigines, Torres Straight Islanders and those of Australia Indigenous decent are to have key roles in our progression towards the intregration and formerly the expression of each others story. I, we, you are in debt to their hard and truthful practices conducted on this country prior and ongoing to their decimenation and we seek to be partners in the reallignment and creation of the cultural lineages that draw the lines and pathways of our future. They deserve as much insight into the plants which they have been working with over millineas as much as our curiosity justifies. Shall we understand the ecology of our red rock and green earth together and lessen the strain dividness bring upon as a nation.
  
  TL;DR or lamens language
  We in retrospect want to restore natures beauty, while simultaneously building connections between people and knowledge. Insight for all and everybody.

back 


fund

vault
